Fix #17816: Game shows the ability to pause game when Steam Overlay is enabled even though OpenGL renderer has no such ability (#17898)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Fix: [#17784] Colour preset RNG is biased (original bug).
- Fix: [#17834] Finance window becomes blank after 4096 years.
- Fix: [#17905] The chain button in the map window is enabled for rectangular maps when (re)opened.

> - Fix: [#17816] Game shows the ability to pause game when Steam Overlay is active with OpenGL renderer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [#17816] Option to pause game when Steam Overlay is active is not greyed out when using the OpenGL renderer.
```
